The Git Times — Tuesday, July 14, 2026
Terminal Multiplexer Tmux Updates with Critical Session Recovery Fix
Patch resolves race condition causing lost sessions during abrupt terminal disconnects
AI: OpenClaw v2026.7.1 sharpens personal AI with cross-platform control
Robotics: Newton v1.3.0 Strengthens RL Workflows with GPU Physics Reset
Cyber: Yakit’s gRPC Backend Enables Cross-Platform Security Tool Integration
Systems: ClickHouse 25.
DIY: Kubernetes Node Labels Get Smarter With Real-Time Hardware Detection
GameDev: NonToon Merges PBR and NPR for Real-Time Character Rendering
"Technology is the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com